Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
Tell me my favorite color
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
It asked me my favorite color
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
It stored the information


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
It has a second print in the code
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
Tell me my favorite color
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
Yes, it did


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has multiple different outcomes
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
The code has multiple variations of results
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
They are reliant on the previous lines
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It says "Sorry, try again."
What does this tell you about "color"?
Color is case sensitive


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It allows both "Red" and "red" to be correct answers
What problem is this trying to solve? 
The problem of case sensitivity
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It says "Sorry, try again."


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
Make all case combinations of "red" correct
What problem is it trying to solve? 
The problem of case sensitivity
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It says "Sorry, try again." 


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
It says "strip" in the line
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
Allowing red to work with single spaces
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
Not that I know of


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
"red" and "pink" are giving reponses
What is the purpose of line 11? 
It allows spaces to be before or after either "red" or "pink"
Run the program and answer the question.
It allows for either of them to illicit a response


Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
It creates a loop
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
They depend on line 11
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
The question would not have an answer
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.
It got stuck in an infinite loop


Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
It creates a condition for responses if the color is not "red"
What is the purpose of “count”? 
It is an added variable
What is happening on line 22? 
It tells how many times it took for me to guess the color
Run the program.
It tells me how many attempts it took to guess it correctly

*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? No